docs/applications/bind.md, before:

# General
[BIND](https://www.isc.org/bind/) - Domain Name Server for your home network

Please note that BIND requires some additional setup after installing. For reference you can use the second half of [this tutorial](http://www.damagehead.com/blog/2015/04/28/deploying-a-dns-server-using-docker/) and the [BIND documentation](https://kb.isc.org/docs/aa-01031).

The docker container used for BIND comes with an instance of [Webmin](http://www.webmin.com/) to make management of your DNS easier. You can disable this by setting `bind_webmin_enabled` to `"false"`.

BIND has to run on port `53` for DNS to work. The Webinterface port can be set by changing `bind_webmin_port`.

# Variables

| Variable                    | Type    | Default                       | Comment                                     |
|-----------------------------|---------|-------------------------------|---------------------------------------------|
| bind_enabled                | Boolean | false                         | Enable/Disable the application              |
| bind_data_directory         | String  | "{{ docker_home }}/bind/data" | Path were application data should be stored |
| bind_webmin_enabled         | Boolean | false                         | Enable/Disable Webmin                       |
| bind_webmin_password        | String  | ""                            | Password for Webmin                         |
| bind_webmin_traefik_enabled | Boolean | false                         | Enable/Disable access to Webmin via Traefik |
| bind_webmin_domain          | String  | "bind.{{ charjabox_domain }}" | Domain used to access the Webmin            |
| bind_webmin_port            | Int     | 10000                         | Port used to access Webmin                  |

Commit message:

Add documentation for docker image tag variables

docs/applications/bind.md, after:

# General
[BIND](https://www.isc.org/bind/) - Domain Name Server for your home network

Please note that BIND requires some additional setup after installing. For reference you can use the second half of [this tutorial](http://www.damagehead.com/blog/2015/04/28/deploying-a-dns-server-using-docker/) and the [BIND documentation](https://kb.isc.org/docs/aa-01031).

The docker container used for BIND comes with an instance of [Webmin](http://www.webmin.com/) to make management of your DNS easier. You can disable this by setting `bind_webmin_enabled` to `"false"`.

BIND has to run on port `53` for DNS to work. The Webinterface port can be set by changing `bind_webmin_port`.

# Variables

| Variable                    | Type    | Default                       | Comment                                     |
|-----------------------------|---------|-------------------------------|---------------------------------------------|
| bind_enabled                | Boolean | false                         | Enable/Disable the application              |
| bind_tag                    | String  | "latest"                      | Tag to use for the docker image                  |
| bind_data_directory         | String  | "{{ docker_home }}/bind/data" | Path were application data should be stored |
| bind_webmin_enabled         | Boolean | false                         | Enable/Disable Webmin                       |
| bind_webmin_password        | String  | ""                            | Password for Webmin                         |
| bind_webmin_traefik_enabled | Boolean | false                         | Enable/Disable access to Webmin via Traefik |
| bind_webmin_domain          | String  | "bind.{{ charjabox_domain }}" | Domain used to access the Webmin            |
| bind_webmin_port            | Int     | 10000                         | Port used to access Webmin                  |
