docs/applications/jackett.md, before:

# General
[Jackett](https://github.com/Jackett/Jackett) - API Support for your favorite torrent trackers. 

Jackett works as a proxy server: it translates queries from apps (Sonarr, Radarr, SickRage, CouchPotato, Mylar, Lidarr, DuckieTV, qBittorrent, Nefarious etc) into tracker-site-specific http queries, parses the html response, then sends results back to the requesting software. This allows for getting recent uploads (like RSS) and performing searches. Jackett is a single repository of maintained indexer scraping & translation logic - removing the burden from other apps.

For information on running Jackett behind a reverse proxy, see [here](https://github.com/Jackett/Jackett#running-jackett-behind-a-reverse-proxy).

# Variables

| Variable                 | Type    | Default                            | Comment                                          |
|--------------------------|---------|------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------|
| jackett_enabled          | Boolean | false                              | Enable/Disable the application                   |
| jackett_config_directory | String  | "{{ docker_home }}/jackett/config" | Path were application config should be stored    |
| jackett_data_directory   | String  | "{{ docker_home }}/jackett/data"   | Path were application data should be stored      |
| jackett_traefik_enabled  | Boolean | false                              | Enable/Disable access to application via Traefik |
| jackett_domain           | String  | "jackett.{{ charjabox_domain }}"   | Domain used to access the application            |
| jackett_port             | Int     | 9117                               | Port used to access the application              |

Commit message:

Add documentation for docker image tag variables

docs/applications/jackett.md, after:

# General
[Jackett](https://github.com/Jackett/Jackett) - API Support for your favorite torrent trackers. 

Jackett works as a proxy server: it translates queries from apps (Sonarr, Radarr, SickRage, CouchPotato, Mylar, Lidarr, DuckieTV, qBittorrent, Nefarious etc) into tracker-site-specific http queries, parses the html response, then sends results back to the requesting software. This allows for getting recent uploads (like RSS) and performing searches. Jackett is a single repository of maintained indexer scraping & translation logic - removing the burden from other apps.

For information on running Jackett behind a reverse proxy, see [here](https://github.com/Jackett/Jackett#running-jackett-behind-a-reverse-proxy).

# Variables

| Variable                 | Type    | Default                            | Comment                                          |
|--------------------------|---------|------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------|
| jackett_enabled          | Boolean | false                              | Enable/Disable the application                   |
| jackett_tag              | String  | "latest"                           | Tag to use for the docker image                  |
| jackett_config_directory | String  | "{{ docker_home }}/jackett/config" | Path were application config should be stored    |
| jackett_data_directory   | String  | "{{ docker_home }}/jackett/data"   | Path were application data should be stored      |
| jackett_traefik_enabled  | Boolean | false                              | Enable/Disable access to application via Traefik |
| jackett_domain           | String  | "jackett.{{ charjabox_domain }}"   | Domain used to access the application            |
| jackett_port             | Int     | 9117                               | Port used to access the application              |
